README.md, before:

# dotfiles

Dotfiles managed with [chezmoi](https://github.com/twpayne/chezmoi).

## Setup

**WARNING**: Requires at least 50 GB for all packages.

```bash
# Install base packages (Debian)
#
# After 'adduser' logout and login again to apply sudo group
su -
apt install ansible curl gh sudo
adduser baptiste sudo

# Get a Github token to prevent Rate Limit problems with 'mise'
#
# @see https://mise.jdx.dev/troubleshooting.html#_403-forbidden-when-installing-a-tool
# @see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/78890002/how-to-do-gh-auth-login-when-run-in-headless-mode#answer-78890003
BROWSER=false gh auth login

# Install ~/.local/bin/chezmoi
#
# After installation, logout and login again to apply ~/.local/bin to PATH
sh -c "$(curl -fsLS get.chezmoi.io)" -- -b ~/.local/bin

# Initialize ~/.local/share/chezmoi
chezmoi init bgaillard

# Apply dotfiles to home directory
chezmoi diff
chezmoi apply
```

## Provisioning

```bash
# Without optional packages
./p

# With optional packages
#
# WARNING: Requires at least 50 GB for all packages
./p --audio --docker --gui --mail --print --video
```

Commit message:

Improve package configuration using booleans.

README.md, after:

# dotfiles

Dotfiles managed with [chezmoi](https://github.com/twpayne/chezmoi).

## Setup

**WARNING**: Requires at least 50 GB for all packages.

```bash
# Install base packages (Debian)
#
# After 'adduser' logout and login again to apply sudo group
su -
apt install ansible curl git gh sudo
adduser baptiste sudo

# Get a Github token to prevent Rate Limit problems with 'mise'
#
# @see https://mise.jdx.dev/troubleshooting.html#_403-forbidden-when-installing-a-tool
# @see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/78890002/how-to-do-gh-auth-login-when-run-in-headless-mode#answer-78890003
BROWSER=false gh auth login

# Install ~/.local/bin/chezmoi
#
# After installation, logout and login again to apply ~/.local/bin to PATH
sh -c "$(curl -fsLS get.chezmoi.io)" -- -b ~/.local/bin

# Initialize ~/.local/share/chezmoi
~/.local/bin/chezmoi init bgaillard

# Apply dotfiles to home directory
chezmoi diff
chezmoi apply
```

## Provisioning

```bash
# Copy the provisioning configuration file and adapt it to your needs
cp ~/.local/share/chezmoi/p.yml ~/.config/p.yml

# Start the provisioning
./p
```
